Add documentation for for loops (#11443)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: third_party/move/documentation/book/src/loops.md

}
```

## The `for` expression

> The `for` expression iterates over a range defined using a `lower_bound` (inclusive) and an `upper_bound` (non-inclusive) of type integer, executing its body for each element. Unlike `while`, `for` is designed for scenarios where the number of iterations is determined by a specific range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `for` expression iterates over a range defined using integer-typed `lower_bound` (inclusive) and `upper_bound` (non-inclusive) expressions, executing its loop body for each element of the range. `for` is designed for scenarios where the number of iterations of a loop is determined by a specific range.
```

Author: Thanks. I have made the change in this PR: https://github.com/aptos-labs/developer-docs/pull/46

Here is an example of a `for` loop that computes the sum of the elements in a range from `0` to `n`:

```move
fun sum(n: u64): u64 {
    let sum = 0;

>     for (i in 0..(n + 1)) {

Reviewer: I would suggest using the simplest range expressions while first introducing `for`, so please consider changing to `0..n` (and adjust surrounding explanatory text correspondingly).

Author: Thanks. I have made the change in this PR: https://github.com/aptos-labs/developer-docs/pull/46

        sum = sum + i;
    };

    sum
}
```

### `break` and `continue` in `for` loops

Similar to `while` loops, the `break` expression can be used in `for` loops to exit prematurely. The `continue` expression can be used to skip the current iteration and move to the next. Here's an example that demonstrates the use of both `break` and `continue`. The loop will iterate through numbers from `0` to `n`, summing up them up. It will skip numbers that are divisible by `3` (using `continue`) and stop when it encounters a number greater than `10` (using `break`): 

```move
fun sum_conditional(n: u64): u64 {
    let sum = 0;

>     for (i in 0..(n + 1)) {

Reviewer 2: It's good to have an example above showing that an expression can be used in the range, but `0..n` or `1..(n+1)` would be more "usual" loop ranges.  I suggest this one you just use `0..n`.

Author: Thanks. I have made the change in this PR: https://github.com/aptos-labs/developer-docs/pull/46
